[opening theme song playing]
[guard]
Greetings, everyone.
I am your
cheerful chief here
at Green Dolphin Street
State Prison.
You may call me Locobaroco.
And also,
this special girl
I have with me here
is my one and only
trusted assistant, Charlotte.
[in higher voice] Hello.
Charlotte, dear, if you would
please give our prisoners
a brief rundown of
what their lives will
be like for
the foreseeable future.
[as Charlotte] Sure!
Here in this prison facility,
we represent
the ideas of our country,
placing emphasis on equality.
If you wish to wander around
or partake in exercise,
you are free to do so
in a designated area.
You can use the phones,
take a shower, or read books.
An exemplary prisoner can
even have a TV in their cell.
Some may be allowed to work
and are given a chance
to study
for a college degree.
You heard her,
and that's not all.
Ah, yes, Charlotte.
Do you have a question?
I just remembered.
There are rules that must
be followed too, aren't there?
Why of course, Charlotte.
You're absolutely right.
First, under no circumstances,
Fare you allowed to
take off the wristband
with your designated
prisoner number.
Second, there will
be no borrowing
or lending things
among inmates.
And any metal materials
are prohibited.
Is wearing earrings
still okay?
Shut your mouth
right this instant!
The chief is speaking!
[nervously exhales]
No, they're not allowed,
inmate FE40536, Jolyne Cujoh.
If you have
any further inquiries,
please ask the guards,
and they can assist you.
Orientation is complete.
All right! Everyone, turn
and face to your left!
[inmate 1] This place is huge.
I hear the prison
covers this whole island.
[inmate 2] Oh, alligator.
[coughing in distance]
FE40536.
Welcome to your new home,
cell number 206.
Break time for today
has come and gone.
The cell opens at 6:30 a.m.
Breakfast begins at seven a.m.,
but if you wish
to sleep in you're allowed.
-Hope you two can get along.
-[door buzzing]
Nice to meet you.
Yeah, nice to meet you too.
The name's Jolyne.
-My name is Gwess. Want some?
-Thank you.
But so much stuff
happened today
that I just don't have
an appetite.
[gasps]
[grunts in pain]
What's your prob--
I know you're new here,
but the bottom bunk is mine!
Are you gonna have
a problem with that,
you stupid little whore?
-Pi!
-[Gwess gasps]
Chichi... chi... pi.
Look, I'm not interested
in fighting you.
I saw your stuff
on the top bed,
so I thought it was yours.
[scoffs]
[gasps] Why is that here?
What is wrong with you?
Now you're trying
to jack my stuff too?
No, I just want to
see that closer.
Please listen to me.
If you open that charm,
you'll find a small stone
and a picture of
my parents inside.
It may be
the one I threw away.
Is that so?
I bought this for two bucks
from a new inmate
the other day.
It's pretty, wouldn't you say?
Yeah, sure. Just let me see!
Get your hands off me,
you filthy bitch!
No way I'm letting you see it.
[grumbles]
Fine, I'll buy it off of you.
Go ahead. Name your price.
-Two hundred bucks.
-What the hell?!
Didn't you hear me, dumbass?
I said two hundred.
You... you bitch.
[gasps]
[guard] Lights out!
[gentle piano music playing]
The heck's up with everything?
So many
strange things happened.
My mind is racing
with thoughts.
I hate this.
I feel so lonely I could cry.
[ominous music playing]
[gasps]
[gasps] What are you doing?!
About last night.
-I'm really sorry.
-Huh?
[Jolyne] Morning?
Take it.
-Huh?
-Don't worry.
It's fine if you look.
Although,
that pic of your parents
wasn't in there.
Sorry, but I don't think
this is the charm
you're looking for.
See?
Was anything inside at all?
Like a stone?
Sorry, there wasn't.
Anyway, can you forgive
my actions from yesterday?
You see, I'm a coward.
Especially when
meeting new people.
Huh? It's okay.
If anything,
it was my fault for assuming.
[sighs] I'm still learning
how things work here.
Wow, Jolyne,
you're such a nice person.
I hope we can become
close friends.
Yeah, I'd like that too.
[buzzing]
Oh, there's the buzzer.
Looks like it's breakfast time.
See you there, bestie.
Uh, hey! Wait for me.
I'm coming with you.
[gasps]
Are you serious?
What's up with all this water?
Ugh!
My pants are soaking wet now.
What am I gonna do?
[indistinct chatter]
[utensils tapping]
Excuse me,
but what do you mean
the food's sold out already?
I haven't even
had my meal yet.
Can't you see it's gone?
Here at GD,
you've got the freedom
to sleep in just like
you have the freedom
to arrive late.
Shouldn't you have food
prepared for everyone?
You've gotta at least
have a banana left.
That's what we call one
of the seven wonders
of prison.
What does that mean?
Oh, Jolyne, guess
you decided to sleep in.
I'm so full.
I couldn't eat another bite.
[gasps]
Gwess, hold on.
Did I just see two milks
and two bananas on your tray?
No way.
Why would I have two?
That'd be selfish.
Oh, by the way,
sorry about the water
I spilled on the floor.
Don't worry,
I'll clean it all up later.
I already took care of it.
[Gwess]
Wow, that's so nice of you!
Thanks a bunch, Jolyne.
[grumbles]
Wait, this is...
[mysterious music playing]
[whispers] This is your chance.
Fly over here
and take a look.
I believe you can do it
with all my heart.
You can do anything
with the power of love.
Yes, as long as
we trust each other,
anything is possible.
Now give it a try.
[pleased moan]
Oh, yes! Good boy!
You're so freaking adorable.
I knew you could pull
it off for me.
Copy-chan, that was great!
Here, have a treat, darling.
Good morning!
Now, we've talked about this.
You don't greet me with,
"Good morning."
It's, "Love you."
Remember?
Now, let's try again.
It's much cuter when you say
you love me, you know?
I... I love you!
Yes! Good, good, good!
That's my perfect little man,
Copy-chan!
Now something harder.
-Try flying to my finger.
-Uh...
To build trust between us,
we have to take risks
here and there.
Uh...
What's wrong with you?
Just get on with it!
[grunts] Wh-Whoa...
What? "Whoa"?
What did you just say?
Do little birdies say, "Whoa"
where you come from?
I... love you!
Love you, love you!
Hey now, don't you start
messing with me.
Do you got some
superficial idea
about what love and trust
should be?
Huh? Do you?
[straining]
Well, you've broken that trust.
I'm done with you.
[gasps]
Did something just go by?
A banana?
What is up
with this weird bird?
[squeaking]
-[pops]
-[gasps]
[twisted music playing]
No way. It's small,
but it has to be real.
There's a tiny person inside,
and she killed them!
[gasps]
[panting]
[scoffs]
Gwess, that woman.
The only explanation for this
is she has that stone
from the amulet,
and it gave her
some special ability.
But what the hell
is with that small human?
-[squishes]
-[gasps]
[exhales]
[gasps]
What...?
What is going on now?
What... what the hell?
My body.
Did it just shrink?
-[Gwess] So the culprit was you.
-[gasps]
How did you take
my Copy-chan away from me?
[grunts]
Jolene, Jolene, Jolene...
Jolene!
[loud thud]
Jolyne.
I'm starting to like you
more and more.
I knew we'd be good friends.
What's going on with my body?
What did you do?
Hey, Jolyne, listen.
I need you to
stop talking, okay?
I'm like that person
in the parrot--
Hey!
-I said stop talking!
-[grunts]
-Put this on.
-[gasps]
I already removed\all the guts.
The parrot had
some disadvantages.
The poor thing couldn't hold
or carry things.
But rats are better.
They've got four paws.
As for him, he was a guard
who got fired for being lazy.
Everyone thinks
he already went home.
[toilet draining]
And by the way,
I know I told you
not to speak,
but I'll let it slide
if you do it
in a cutesy way.
Like, "See you later",
or, "Mommy, I'm hungry."
"Please feed me."
Yeah, okay?
[grumbles]
[Gwess] Look at you,
so stinking adorable!
Now, let's begin your training.
Faster, faster, faster!
[panting]
Show me some hustle!
[grunting]
Now, lift them up, Chorokichi.
Cho... Chorokichi?
Everything has a name,
you know?
"In the beginning was
the Word,
and the Word was with God."
"And the Word was God,
and through him all was made."
"And without him,
nothing was made
that had been made."
So this mental power
that shrank you
deserves a name.
How about "Cry Cry Dolls"?
Yes, that will be name
of my mental ability.
Let's add another book.
-Naughty girl...
-[exhales]
Are you being cunning
and trying to cheat?
Hey, now.
You're not gonna
betray my trust, are you?
You're not trying to
ruin our relationship,
are you?
I'm just messing with you.
Congrats, Chorokichi.
You passed.
You're going to need
that cunning wit
for your next task.
Very, very good!
[grunts]
[Gwess] Can you see?
At the far end
of this corridor,
you're going to find
a control center.
Your objective is to get
to that switch over there.
It can unlock all the cells
and doors in this prison.
-I know you can make it.
-[gasps]
You understand
what I'm saying?
If we work together,
we can escape.
[gasps]
For some reason,
I can't make myself smaller.
Though luckily,
we have you now.
But it's important
we trust each other.
Of course,
the actual commencement
is further ahead.
For this mission,
you just need
to investigate everything
beyond this corridor.
Do you really think
we can escape?
Hey, hey, hey!
to speak in a cutesy way now.
Don't go forgetting
I told you
to speak in a cutesy way now.
[grumbles]
[in cute voice]
This control center?
How exactly am I supposed
to crawl over to it?
You're such a cutie!
That's my adorable
baby rat girl.
But don't ask me,
you dumbass.
Figuring that part out
is your job.
Look above you.
There's a surveillance camera.
You'll be in its blind spot
if you go under the handrail.
So just go straight below it.
And keep the rat corpse on.
[nervously exhales]
[chuckles]
-Okay, hurry up and go!
-[sighs]
[chuckles]
-[gun cocks]
-[guard] Hey!
What are you doing there?
Girl with the headband.
Who are you?
Tell me your name
and prison number.
The number's FE18081,
and my name is Gwess.
I'm just taking a walk
around the corridors.
[guard] If you don't
have business here,
get away from the gate
and leave!
Sure, Mr. Guard.
[Jolyne] There are four
steel doors in here.
I wonder which one of them
leads to the control center.
And there are cameras
in the corner.
Two of them.
[rubber squeaks]
What the...?
Why is it so tight? [grunts]
Suddenly... [grunts]
Huh? What the hell was
that sound just now?
Yeah, man, I heard that too.
-[guard 1] It's close.
-[exhales]
Oh crap, that's not good.
My body's getting bigger.
It was just the coffeemaker.
Ain't that the sound it makes
when it's ready?
Nuh-uh.
That sound's something else...
Damn it, why is this
happening now?
Distance.
Is it because Gwess left?
Is distance related
to her ability?
-[cracking]
-[gasps]
I definitely heard it!
It's gotta be
in here somewhere!
Shit, shit, shit!
-It's coming from there!
-Hey, get out of the way!
Move it!
Ah! God, that's freaking hot!
Damn it, why me?
[guard 1] Huh?
I told you idiots
it was coffeemaker,
but you wouldn't listen.
-My bad.
-[guard 3] Ow.
[panting]
Screw this investigation.
I have to fit
through the bars
before my body
grows any bigger.
[panting]
[gasps]
[music speeds up]
What... what the hell?
Cry, cry dolls!
[gasps, yells]
[cackling]
This thing is...
[roaring]
[grunting]
[roars]
[grunts]
[straining]
[roaring]
Cry, cry!
So creepy.
It seems like a doll,
but it's transparent.
Same as my thread.
It's a physical manifestation
of Gwess's energy
that no one can see.
How about "Cry Cry Dolls"?
Yes, that will be the name
of my mental ability.
This baby doll from hell
is what shrunk me
and ripped the guard
in the parrot to pieces!
[roaring]
That must mean
it was just chilling
inside the rat with me
the entire time.
And I'm willing to bet
that Gwess has no idea
her ability weakens
if she's far away,
so she doesn't know
my body's growing back.
Now I've got
a murderous munchkin
chasing me down
because it thinks that
I was running away.
If I don't get out of here,
that thing's gonna kill me!
[yells in pain]
[grunts]
-Cry, cry dolls!
-Damn it!
What did I ever do
to deserve a fate like this?
This is how I go out?
By this creature?
[grunts] I can't get through!
-[roars]
-[yells]
Cry, cry!
-[roars]
-[grunts]
[G.G. Dolls grunts]
[groans]
[roars]
[piano music playing]
[Jolyne] A thread.
No, a whole clump of threads.
This must be the form
that my energy takes.
A clump.
When they gather and clump,
it becomes three-dimensional.
What a concept!
[cracking]
Scream your heart out,
bastard child!
Now call Gwess over here,
and hurry up!
[Gwess weakly] Jolyne...
I wasn't expecting you
to also have an ability.
Come here!
No, wait a second!
Please, Jolyne, I'm begging you.
Stop strangling
my Cry Cry Dolls so tightly!
Hey, I don't wanna hear it!
Focus on shrinking
my body enough
so I can squeeze out of here.
But only just a little, got it?
Okay, okay. You can even have
the bottom bunk too.
I know we've been
through a lot,
but please don't hate me.
Still though, I'd like you
to speak to me
all cutesy
from time to time.
Just hurry and do it already!
[grunts, exhales]
Uh... all right.
Now hand over the amulet.
That includes
the stone inside,
and I wanna know
who you bought it from too.
Of course, whatever you say.
That'll be
two hundred dollars.
Shut the fuck up, you bitch!
Just tell me the name
before I kill you!
Okay, I got it.
Well, uh... I'm not sure,
but I think her name
was Ermes?
Ermes?
[Gwess] I don't know her
that well.
Here.
[metal clattering]
Kidding.
[Jolyne grunts]
Gotcha!
Oh, Mr. Guard! Hurry, come here!
There's a prisoner
past the gun point!
-[growls]
-Hurry up and get over here!
What... hey, you!
The hell are you doing
in there?
How'd you get past the door?
[nervously exhales]
[alarm blaring]
[guard] Prison break!
Code 999!
[gasps]
[cackles] This is gonna be
the end of you.
If you didn't know,
that guard went to
pick up his shotgun.
And since you're behind
the door,
he's got the right
to shoot your ass!
No questions asked!
[in singsong voice] Jolyne!
I'd say it's just
what you deserve.
You hurt my feelings,
and now
you're gonna die for it!
[upbeat rock music playing]
[groans in pain]
Good freaking grief, Gwess.
Shut up and listen.
You said everything
has a name, didn't you?
Then I'll name
my ability too.
It'll be Stone Ocean.
Because somehow,
I'm gonna free myself
from this sea of stone.
-[grunts]
-Did you hear me?
Stone Ocean. That's the name.
Ora, ora, ora!
If there's some sort of
hierarchy in this prison,
then I'll follow it
as much as I need to,
but I'm the one who's gonna
be giving out orders here.
Now shrink me down
and get me the hell
out of this hallway.
[guns cock]
-Huh?
-Hold on, where did she go?
-[guard 2] She's gone.
-[guard 1] Huh?
Are you really
sure you saw her?
Well, yeah, but I only
saw her from the back.
[guard 2] Weird.
[piano music playing]
[Gwess groaning]
Old man...
["Distant Dreamer"
by Duffy playing]